./" Manpage for simple_shell
.TH Simple_Shell 1 "18/April/2019" "1.0.0" "Simple Shell Manual Page"
.SH NAME
.B simple_shell - an Interface that gathers input from you and executes programs based on that input
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hsh
[command] [optional_argument]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Simple Shell
is an environment in which we can run our commands, programs, and shell scripts. It behaves similar to a primitive Unix shell with limited functionality. This shell will execute commands read from the user's standard input. To run this program in interactive mode, compile the program with "gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic *.c -o hsh", then run the executable named "./hsh". Then type in a command after the prompt as you would in a Unix shell. This simple shell also has a non-interactive mode where the user can pipe command strings into the executable. There are different flavors of a shell, just as there are different flavors of operating systems. Each flavor of shell has its own set of recognized commands and functions.


.SH EXAMPLE

To start the program in interactive mode, type "./hsh" into the terminal. A prompt will show up and ask for a user input.

The user can input various commands, for example if the user inputs
enter--- $ echo simple shell

The shell should output
enter--- $ simple shell

To exit the interactive mode of this program the user can enter Ctrl-D, Ctrl-C or type "exit"

.SH BUILTINS
The following builtins are supported in this version of simple_shell:

.B exit
Issuing the exit command at the shell prompt will cause the shell to exit.

.B env
Issuing the env command will print out the users current enviornment

.SH OPTIONS
There are no current options for "hsh".

.SH COMMENTS
This project was done at Holberton School to learn about the Unix Shell. This project is an accumulation of all things learned during the first trimester at Holberton School.

.SH BUGS
There are no known bugs with this version.

.SH AUTHOR
Jeremy Antonio, Tywan Brooks

.SH SEE ALSO
man sh
